Modify rule S107: LaYC format (#2130)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S107/scala/struct-example.adoc

[source,scala]
----

> class Point: // In geometry, Point is a logical structure to group data
>   public var _x = 0
>   public var _y = 0
>   public var _z = 0
> end Point

Reviewer: Because most of our examples use Scala2, I would suggest this version
```suggestion
class Point(var x: Int, var y: Int, var z: Int) { // In geometry, Point is a logical structure to group data
}

```
